Q: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A: The git system creates a directory (called a repository) that keeps track of all saved items in the repository. 
You need to do it to utilize git.

Q: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

A: It serves as a middle ground between the working directory and the repository.
It prompts you to consider your changes before committing them to the repository.

Q: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

A: You can use git diff --staged to see whether or not you will make one commit per logical change.
If there are too many, you can remove the files from the staging area and try again.
You can do this with git reset. This will removes all files from the staging area but keep your changes 
made in the working directory intact.

Q: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

A:
1) You want to implement an experimental feature while keeping the original version intact.
2) You want to add further progress to your project while keeping a working demo intact.
3) You can collaborate with other people and merge your changes together once everyone has 
approved of each others' changes.

Q: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A: They illustrate reachability which is essential in visualizing the branch structure of commits.

Q: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

A: One or more histories of code are merged into another piece of code. 
The HEAD or tip of the latter branch of code is updated to become the new HEAD of the merged code.

Q: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

A: Pros
- saves time
- makes it easy for multiple people to collaborate

Cons
- Git cannot find redundant code (functionally the same) that is located in different places